AUDIO: Sarah Palin Pranked By Montreal Radio CKOI?s Masked Avengers | 2008Central.net News Feed Comments Front Page Podcast About Us Contact 08 Bloggers Network Forum News Wire Press Conference Calls Video Senate Races Resources Candidates Scheduled Events Polls Tools/Widgets Browse > Home / 2008 Election , Republican Ticket , Sarah Palin / AUDIO: Sarah Palin Pranked By Montreal Radio CKOI?s Masked Avengers AUDIO: Sarah Palin Pranked By Montreal Radio CKOI?s Masked Avengers November 1, 2008 | Permalink On November 1, Marc-Antoine Audette and Sebastian Trudel, also known as the ?Masked Avengers?, pranked Gov. Sarah Palin.? They convinced the VP nominee that she was speaking with French President Sarkozy. It?s pretty funny, have a listen (and no, this is not fake; it?s the real Sarah Palin)? A spokesperson for Gov. Palin issued the following statement about the call: ?Gov. Palin received a phone call on Saturday from a French Canadian talk show host claiming to be French President Nicholas Sarkozy. Gov. Palin was mildly amused to learn that she had joined the ranks of heads of state, including President Sarkozy, and other celebrities in being targeted by these pranksters. C?est la vie.? Sphere: Related Content Written by Angelo ? Filed Under 2008 Election , Republican Ticket , Sarah Palin ? Comments 37 Responses to ?AUDIO: Sarah Palin Pranked By Montreal Radio CKOI?s Masked Avengers? Keith, Chicago, IL on November 1st, 2008 7:44 pm That was hillarious! It seemed kind of obvious that it was a prank call though- especially with all of the references to the itmes that are all over the media. I guess Sarah didn?t see it that way! Hello to All My Readers on November 1st, 2008 8:01 pm By the way, the two French hrases that Sarkozy speaks are ?one could kill all the baby seals, too,? and ? what else ? ?lipstick on a pig !? Gotta admire that Canadian sense of humor, up that in Canadia ?. Anonymous on November 1st, 2008 9:09 pm Maybe they could call Obama and find out if they could massage his halo? pete on November 1st, 2008 9:14 pm It?s amazing the the VP candidate for the republicans doesn?t know the name of the Prime Minister of the country that is the US?s biggest trading partner, Canada? There?s only 2 countries that border the US and she doesn?t know the name of the Prime Minister of one of them? Alaska is next door to Canada, so how hard can it be to not know the name of the Canadian Prime Minister? After all, she can probably see Canada from her front door too:) Mrs energy expert doesn?t even know the name of the prime minister of the country that is the biggest supplier of energy to the US? Let alone her not knowing the name of the Premier of Quebec, the 2nd largest Canadian province. Or that there is no Prime Minister of Quebec, or any Canadian province they?re all called Premiers. It would be like a Canadian politician thinking there is a president of the state of Florida. All politicians get pranked, no big shame in that. The big shame is that she?s so clueless about the country next door to her. And she?s want?s to be one heart attack away from the presidency. Peter (From Canada) on November 1st, 2008 9:33 pm These guys have pranked Mick Jagger, pop star Britney Spears, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates and Sarkozy ? by impersonating Prime Minister Stephen Harper. BYW Sarah, Syephen Harper is our ?President? I mean Prime Minister. LOL. Peter from the ?Great White North??. Bill on November 1st, 2008 9:55 pm I loved it !!!! It was sooo perfect!!! Shows just how dim she really is!!! All of her foreign policy experience ?..and she doesn?t even notice the names given were all wrong??? Outstanding!! Also, wasn?t it Palin who raised such a fuss that Obama was already planning a party? And here, we hear her?. ?You know, I look forward to working with you and getting to meet you personally and your beautiful wife.? She hasn?t won anything yet! ( and hopefully won?t! ) This seems to be typical of Palin?.?It?s ok if I do it, but it is TERRIBLE if you do it !!? Thank you, Canada!!! Hopefully you showed some of the McCain supporters just how ditzy she really is!!! McCain/Palin?a bigger joke then George W. !! ( and that is hard to do!) Suzanne on November 2nd, 2008 12:47 am This was funny - but as an American I find it terrifying that such a clueless person could be a heartbeat away from the presidency. She makes Bush seem like a Rhodes scholar. Tev on November 2nd, 2008 2:22 am It?s so bad? I am a hardcore liberal but kind of feel bad for Sarah - only in this case. I could see much smarter people falling for this. Someone in this position HAS to play the game even if they don?t understand the game? Ron on November 2nd, 2008 2:35 am Well I?m sure the Canadian government and these prankster?s parents must be very proud of their achievements doing meaningless tasks in life. Of course, they have to pick on someone that is at least doing some service to her country. What do these two seemingly infantile men do worthwhile in their lives? I thought Montreal would have more intelligent talk show hosts. famfriends on November 2nd, 2008 5:17 am To Ron (who wrote Nov. 2nd @ 2:35 a.m.): it?s more like someone that is doing a _disservice_ to her country. famfriends on November 2nd, 2008 5:23 am ? and the pranksters actually did a meaningful task and a service to our country by revealing another clear example of Palin?s experience in and knowledge of foreign policy. Marvin Hunter on November 2nd, 2008 6:41 am Sara may be without world knowledge, but look how we?re served by what we have now ,at least she has?t shot anyone or stolen and thing ! vote ?R? and that?s what you get. It?s been time for a change for 8 years. My thoughts are if you voted for ?W? please sit this election out.What we see in the large numbers of early voting , is getting rid of what we have.Vote early & often ! Sour klatsch-tratsch.de ? Home ? Sarah Palin f?llt auf falschen Sarkozy rein on November 2nd, 2008 6:44 am [...] Das sechsmin?tige Telefonat wurde gestern in voller L?nge auf dem kanadischen Radiosender CKOI ausgestrahlt. Hier ist das Telefonat: H?REN [...] carpediem on November 2nd, 2008 7:08 am Thank you very much to CKOI Radio in Montreal. Too bad nothing was asked about McCain?s UNdisclosed medical & psychiatric records. Does the public know that to overcome depression, Senator McCain had shock treatment ? As a POW in North Vietnam (summer of 1968) following solitary confinement & torture he gathered enough strength to stand on a waste bucket and tried twice, to hang himself with his shirt. This is nothing new because back in 1999 and 2000, a whispering campaign from Republican rivals suggested his Vietnam ordeal had permanently damaged his psyche ? specifically, that his infamous temper tantrums might be a sign of post-traumatic stress disorder. Considering that: [1] John McCain has had bouts of cancer for the past 15 years. (*) [2] He will be 73 years old in 2009, the odds are that Sarah Palin could become President if McCain were to become incapacitated. How many people over 65 do you know would be able to work 60 to 70 hour days a week? Past U.S. Presidents have spent that much time at the Oval Office or Camp David. Consequently, please carefully consider your vote on Election Day. Thanks. (*) In 2000 Sen. McCain underwent more than five hours of surgery to remove two cancerous skin lesions @ the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix. Marvin Hunter on November 2nd, 2008 8:16 am I think the National polls are saying George Bush and Dick Chaney get your shit (all the rest of the people associated with the ?R?)together ,leave the funiture and get out !!!!!!!! Brian on November 2nd, 2008 8:19 am Heaven help us if we allow a completely un-qualified person such as Sarah Palin to have the 2nd highest office in the land! How can America think that someone so gullible and uninformed be qualified for office? I?m sure that the REAL Prime Minister of Canada can?t wait to let Palin know who he is. And I doubt that even Michelle Obama wouldn?t know who he is. Rebecca on November 2nd, 2008 9:34 am Hahah, I love Canada. I hope they realize that Palin is NOT a good representation of Americans, though. They should talk to a Democrat sometime. OBAMAforUSA on November 2nd, 2008 9:44 am ?I?d really love to go hunting, as long as we don?t bring your vice president Cheney!? ?Noo, I?ll be a careful shot.? hahahahah XIomara Forman on November 2nd, 2008 10:31 am PLEASE CHECK OUT THIS TRIBUTE 2 AMERICA VIDEO MY MOM AND BROTHER WROTE, SANG AND RECORDED.THANK U FOR YOUR SUPPORT. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMlUoufswmE STAND TALL AMERICA Maria Bonde on November 2nd, 2008 10:37 am Palin handled herself very nicely. I?ve already voted for Obama but I must say she handled this very well. Radio EGOMANIACS like these jerks from Canada are disgusting. At least when Sasha Baron Cohen interviews, the guests have the opportunity to research who he is. You jerks deserve the frigid weather. Drop dead. A ? Donna Rickles on November 2nd, 2008 10:38 am No more Hockey Pucks in the white house !!!! Lone Wolf on November 2nd, 2008 10:46 am She is SUCH a dufus! jean lalonde on November 2nd, 2008 10:52 am To maria bonde, Hello!!!! Planet earth calling??? Are you there??? It?s just dead air. Too bad Joetheplumber on November 2nd, 2008 11:35 am This is really embarrassing. She was so excited she didn?t doubt a thing. She was imagining herself in 2009 in Paris next to Sarkozy?s wife?What a shame! How did America come down to this??? The greatest nation on earth is about to be run by a stupid person as this. If Bush managed to preside over this country for 8 long long years anybody would think THEY too can be president?including Sarah from Alaska. I am embarrassed. What the hell am I doing here plumbing??? I too can run for president. Hugh Hoser Ay on November 2nd, 2008 1:50 pm Sarah is definitely unqualified for the vice presidency, but I?m still not a fan of these kinds of ambush prank calls by dickwad ?morning asshole? dj?s. Even if she had known right away that ?President Sarkozy? had misidentified the Canadian PM, what?s she going to do - correct him mid-sentence? As far as she knows, she?s talking to the president of France. Sure, we can listen to this now, knowing exactly what?s happening, and say ?she should have known this was fake.? Her staffers and her security team are the ones who need to be ashamed of themselves. This shouldn?t have been so easy to pull off. But it sure is funny, I have to admit? Zach Shilton on November 2nd, 2008 2:18 pm ya this ain?t that good?.but i have to say, not all canadians are jerks. and we our weather isnt that frigid. Angelo on November 2nd, 2008 2:59 pm Hugh, I agree with you. The fact that Gov. Palin was not aware that this was a joke as well as the fact that she didn?t correct ?Sakozy? when he was giving the wrong information are not legitimate reasons to criticize her. As you said, ?what?s she going to do.? But, agreed, it is funny. Zach, Yes your weather is cold. Way too cold for my blood, and I?m currently in Wisconsin. Also, sure not all Canadians are jerks, but aren?t they supposed to behave like jerks to Americans? Allyson Stinchfield on November 2nd, 2008 5:01 pm I?m not a Palin fan at all, but that was really mean and below the belt. Peter (From Canada) on November 2nd, 2008 10:06 pm For Maria Bonde: Drop Dead A? I think you meant ?Drop Dead ?Eh!?. (Very Witty) By your cooments, I?m sure you are going to vote for these morons?. and after 8 years with Bush, I have to admit, she does look smart. Good luck on Tuesday, you?re going to need it? For Hugh?.. ??? We (Canadians) only jerk around, because we have a sense of humor and don?t take ourselves too seriuosly? Sue Frause on November 3rd, 2008 1:45 am Sarah Palin is not the sharpest knife in the drawer nor the brightest bulb in the box. Several seconds into the conversation, wouldn?t a semi-savvy person go, ?Huh?? Let?s all be grateful that most likely she will never have to step into a position of power/decision for the US ? talk about a scary scenario. The Masked Avengers from Montreal rock ? Rock on! And fingers crossed on November 4 that the ruling Republicans will ease on down the road. kate on November 3rd, 2008 12:19 pm Look at the you tube videos on Obama?s intentions for the future of our unborn. Why are you wasting your time, with a candidate who is for infanticide? Jacques In Florida on November 3rd, 2008 1:17 pm Well! ?Du rouge-a levre sur un cochon?! Wow! She really got taken in alright! LOVE IT! YEAH! Anthony GLISE on November 3rd, 2008 4:33 pm I?m a dual national (US & France) who has lived in both the US and Europe for the past 27 years? and? I LOVED THIS ! (N.B. CNN - who just ran the release of this ?interview,? confirmed that the interview was 100% - beyond question - with the real Sarah Palin). Sadly, it?s also a TERRIFYING documentation of a woman who (according to independent actuary statistics) is calculated to have a 1-in-5 chance of becoming our ?next-next president? in the VERY likely event that McCain would not be able to serve out his entire term if elected. (given his health, age, etc.). ugh? A. GLISE http://www.AnthonyGlise.com (PS - if you don?t speak French, PLEASE have someone translate the Canadian French for you! It?s priceless!) Taylor on November 4th, 2008 9:29 am If no one else is willing to take this I will?. Kate, keep that crap off this page. This is about who will run your country. You keep voting for the R?s, you will have no country left to love, and you will end up exactly like the countries you hate most?. We are laughing up here at the fact that you are even considering such candidates. Only in America would a war hero with barley any education be considered for position of high chief. Think about the significance of his position. You are not only voting for your president, but your representative to the world. CKOI just pointed out the inevitable. Was it mean? Yes. Was she just being polite? Yes. I am sure she is a really nice person and quite smart, but she is running for vice president, not town council. Canada is important to the survival of the US and vice versa. Please make the right decision today. Good luck, and remember to vote for your country not yourselves, and not your pride. mathieu on November 4th, 2008 11:39 am to pete: saying ?Prime Minister of Qu?bec? was not part of the joke. Francophones tend to forget that it?s called a ?Premier? in English Canada because in French it?s called First Minister no matter which level. Most Quebeckers wouldn?t be able to spot the mistake? and then they?d still think it?s strange to call it something different. mathieu on November 4th, 2008 11:50 am to Jacques In Florida: it?s not ?du rouge-?-l?vres sur un cochon? (lipstick on a pig). it?s worse than that. it said ?sur une cochonne?, where ?cochonne? means ?dirty girl?. Anonymous on November 5th, 2008 10:07 am To Maria Blonde, you don?t know what you are talking about, you probably don?t know anything about Canada, you think we all live in an igloo. Go back to school and get educated. what these guys did was brilliant to show you how Palin is clueless and thank God she will have no chance to become President as OBAMA won (there was no contest) last night. Got something to say? Name Email Address Website Speak your mind Listen To 2008Central.net's Podcast Get this widget! [ Subscribe ] Recent Press Conference Calls McCain Press Conference Call: To Discuss Voter Suppression and Unfounded Accusations by Obama Campaign November 1, 2008 | Listen ? McCain Press Conference Call: To Discuss Obama?s Trip to Florida and McCain?s Economic Plans October 21, 2008 | Listen ? McCain Press Conference Call: To Discuss Barack Obama?s September Fundraising Totals And Troubling Lack Of Transparency October 20, 2008 | Listen ? Get More... Videos Let The River of Dirt Flow: The Palin Edition November 5, 2008 | Read the story ? VIDEO: Sarah Palin Holds Election Day Press Conference November 4, 2008 | Read the story ? VIDEO: Jeremiah Wright Pennsylvania GOP Ad November 3, 2008 | Read the story ? VIDEO: John McCain on SNL, Part II November 2, 2008 | Read the story ? VIDEO: John McCain, Cindy McCain on SNL November 2, 2008 | Read the story ? [More 2008 Election Videos...] Polls Categories 2008 Central Interview 2008 Central News 2008 Election 2008 Election News Wire Blog Buzz Watch Campaign Email Candidate Spouses Cindy McCain Michelle Obama Todd Palin Debate Defenestration of Blogs Andrew Sullivan Democratic Ticket Barack Obama Joe Biden Editorial Electoral College Projection Featured Independents Chuck Baldwin Ralph Nader Issues Abortion Afghanistan Bush Administration Campaign Finance China Civil Liberties Darfur Economy Education Energy Ethics Fairness Doctrine Faith FISA Gay Rights/Marriage General Foreign Policy Global Warming / Environment Guns Health Care Immigration Iran Iraq Israel / Peace Process Marijuana/Drugs PACs of Candidates Stem Cell Research Taxes Unions War on Terrorism (non-Iraq) Libertarian Bob Barr Liveblog Podcast Policy Breakdown Poll Vaulting Press Conference Calls Press Released Clinton Press Releases McCain Press Releases Obama Press Releases Primary Republican Ticket John McCain Sarah Palin Results Schedule Senate Super Tuesday The Graveyard Bill Clinton Chuck Hagel Democratic Graveyard Al Gore Al Sharpton Bill Richardson Christopher Dodd Dennis Kucinich Hillary Clinton John Edwards John Kerry Mark Warner Mike Gravel Tom Vilsack Wesley Clark Elizabeth Edwards Judith Nathan Giuliani Michael Bloomberg Republican Graveyard Alan Keyes Condoleezza Rice Duncan Hunter Fred Thompson George Pataki Jeb Bush Jim Gilmore John Cox Mike Huckabee Mitt Romney Newt Gingrich Ron Paul Rudy Giuliani Sam Brownback Tom Tancredo Tommy Thompson Sam Nunn Stephen Colbert VP Candidate Graveyard Evan Bayh Joe Manchin Mark Sanford Tom Ridge Video YouTubed Copyright ? 2007 2008Central.net ? Revolution Magazine theme by Brian Gardner ? Log in
